Document Sec-CH-Prefers-Color-Scheme Client Hint header (#22266)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/http/headers/index.md

  - : User agent's underlying operation system/platform.
- {{HTTPHeader("Sec-CH-UA-Platform-Version")}} {{experimental_inline}}
  - : User agent's underlying operation system version.
- {{HTTPHeader("Sec-CH-UA-Prefers-Color-Scheme")}} {{experimental_inline}}
  - : User's preference of dark or light color scheme.
- {{HTTPHeader("Sec-CH-UA-Prefers-Reduced-Motion")}} {{experimental_inline}}
  - : User's preference to see fewer animations and content layout shifts.

### Device client hints

> - {{HTTPHeader("Content-DPR")}} {{deprecated_inline}}

Reviewer: FYI for all these, if something is deprecated the fact it was experimental is no longer considered relevant. So we just have deprecated.

  - : The {{Glossary("effective connection type")}} ("network profile") that best matches the connection's latency and bandwidth. This is part of the [Network Information API](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Network_Information_API).
- {{HTTPHeader("RTT")}}
  - : Application layer round trip time (RTT) in milliseconds, which includes the server processing time. This is part of the [Network Information API](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Network_Information_API).
- {{HTTPHeader("Sec-CH-Save-Data")}} {{experimental_inline}}

>   - : A boolean that indicates the user agent's preference for reduced data usage.

Reviewer: FYI added this.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- {{HTTPHeader("Sec-CH-Save-Data")}} {{experimental_inline}}
  - : A formatted value that indicates the user agent's preference for reduced data usage.
```
